1tilde.town/~mozz (information)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i                       (Part 3 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie unbuttoned  his topcoat  and put  his suitcase  on the		null.host	1
ifloor at the foot of the bed closest to the bathroom. He put		null.host	1
ihis briefcase on  the gold coverlet. He sat  down, the sides		null.host	1
iof his  coat spreading  out like  the skirt  of a  dress. He		null.host	1
iopened his briefcase, thumbed through the various brochures,		null.host	1
icatalogues, and  order forms; finally  he found the  gun. It		null.host	1
iwas a Smith &Wesson revolver, .38  calibre. He put it on the		null.host	1
ipillows at the head of the bed.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe  lit  a  cigarette,   reached  for  the  telephone,  then		null.host	1
iremembered  his notebook.  He  reached into  his right  coat		null.host	1
ipocket and pulled  it out. It was an old  Spiral, bought for		null.host	1
ia  buck  forty_nine in  the  stationery  department of  some		null.host	1
iforgotten  five_and_dime in  Omaha  or Sioux  City or  maybe		null.host	1
iJubilee, Kansas. The cover was creased and almost completely		null.host	1
iinnocent of any  printing it might once have  borne. Some of		null.host	1
ithe pages had  pulled partially free of the  metal coil that		null.host	1
iserved as the notebook's binding, but all of them were still		null.host	1
ithere.  Alfie had  been  carrying this  notebook for  almost		null.host	1
iseven years,  ever since his days  selling Universal Product		null.host	1
iCode readers for Simonex.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThere was an ashtray on the shelf under the phone. Out here,		null.host	1
isome of  the motel rooms  still came with ashtrays,  even on		null.host	1
ithe first floor.  Alfie fished for it, put  his cigarette on		null.host	1
ithe  groove, and  opened  his notebook.  He flipped  through		null.host	1
ipages  written with  a  hundred different  pens  (and a  few		null.host	1
ipencils), pausing to read a  couple of entries. One read: "I		null.host	1
isuckt Jim Morrison's  cock w/ my poutie  boy mouth (LAWRENCE		null.host	1
iKS)." Restrooms  were filled with homosexual  graffiti, most		null.host	1
iof it  tiresome and repetitive,  but "poutie boy  mouth" was		null.host	1
ipretty good. Another  was "Albert Gore is  my favorite whore		null.host	1
i(MURDO S DAK)."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThe last page,  three_quarters of the way  through the book,		null.host	1
ihad just two  entries. "Dont chew the Trojan  Gum it taste's		null.host	1
ijust like  rubber (AVOCA  IA)." And:  "Poopie doopie  you so		null.host	1
iloopy  (PAPILLION NEB)."  Alfie  was crazy  about that  one.		null.host	1
iSomething about the "_ie, _ie," and then, boom, you got "_y"		null.host	1
iIt could have been no  more than an illiterate's mistake (he		null.host	1
iwas sure  that would have been  Maura's take on it)  but why		null.host	1
ithink  like that?  What fun  was that?  No, Alfie  preferred		null.host	1
i(even now) to believe that "_ie, _ie," . . . wait for it . .		null.host	1
i. "_y"  was an  intended construction. Something  sneaky but		null.host	1
iplayful, with the feel of an e. e. cummings poem.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe rummaged  through the  stuff in  his inside  coat pocket,		null.host	1
ifeeling papers, an old toll ticket, a bottle of pills__stuff		null.host	1
ihe had quit taking-_and at  last finding the pen that always		null.host	1
ihid in  the litter. Time  to record today's finds.  Two good		null.host	1
iones, both from  the same rest area, one over  the urinal he		null.host	1
ihad used, the  other written with a Sharpie on  the map case		null.host	1
ibeside  the  Hav_A_Bite  machine. (Snax,  which  in  Alfie's		null.host	1
iopinion vended a superior product  line, had for some reason		null.host	1
ibeen disenfranchised in the 1_80 rest areas about four years		null.host	1
iago.) These  days Alfie sometimes  went two weeks  and three		null.host	1
ithousand miles without seeing anything new, or even a viable		null.host	1
ivariation on something old. Now, two  in one day. Two on the		null.host	1
ilast day. Like some sort of omen.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHis pen had "COTTAGER FOODS The Good Stuff!" written in gold		null.host	1
ialong the barrel next to the logo, a thatched hut with smoke		null.host	1
icoming out of the quaintly crooked chimney.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iSitting there on  the bed, still in his  topcoat, Alfie bent		null.host	1
istudiously over his old notebook  so that his shadow fell on		null.host	1
ithe  page. Below  "Dont  chew the  Trojan  Gum" and  "Poopie		null.host	1
idoopie  you  so  loopy,"  Alfie added  "Save  Russian  Jews,		null.host	1
icollect  valuable prizes  (WALTON NEB)''  and "All  that you		null.host	1
ilove will  be carried away  (WALTON NEB)." He  hesitated. He		null.host	1
irarely  added  notes,  liking  his  finds  to  stand  alone.		null.host	1
iExplanation rendered the  exotic mundane (or so  he had come		null.host	1
ito believe;  in the early  years he had annotated  much more		null.host	1
ifreely), but from time to time a footnote still seemed to be		null.host	1
imore illuminating than demystifying.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe  starred the  second entry__"All  that you  love will  be		null.host	1
icarried away (WALTON NEB)"__and drew a line two inches above		null.host	1
ithe bottom of  the page, and wrote: "*To read  this you must		null.host	1
ialso look at the exit ramp from the Walton Rest Area back to		null.host	1
ihighway, i.e. at departing transients."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe  put  the  pen  back  in his  pocket,  wondering  why  he		null.host	1
ior  anyone  would continue  anything  this  close to  ending		null.host	1
ieverything. He  couldn't think  of a  single answer.  But of		null.host	1
icourse  you went  on breathing,  too. You  couldn't stop  it		null.host	1
iwithout rough surgery.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThe  wind gusted  outside. Alfie  looked briefly  toward the		null.host	1
iwindow, where the curtain (also green, but a different shade		null.host	1
ifrom the rug) had been drawn. If he pulled it back, he would		null.host	1
ibe able to see chains of light on Interstate 80, each bright		null.host	1
ibead  marking sentient  beings  running on  the  rod of  the		null.host	1
ihighway. Then he  looked back down at his book.  He meant to		null.host	1
ido it, all right. This was just ... well ...		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 4 of 7)	/~mozz/p4	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1