1Information (tilde.town/~mozz/index)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i                       (Part 4 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i"Breathing," he  said, and  smiled. He picked  his cigarette		null.host	1
iout of the  ashtray, smoked, returned it to  the groove, and		null.host	1
ithumbed back  through the  book again. The  entries recalled		null.host	1
ithousands  of truck  stops and  roadside chicken  shacks and		null.host	1
ihighway rest  areas the way  certain songs on the  radio can		null.host	1
ibring back specific memories of  a place, a time, the person		null.host	1
iyou  were  with,  what  you were  drinking,  what  you  were		null.host	1
ithinking.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i"Here I sit, brokenhearted, tried  to shit but only farted."		null.host	1
iEveryone  knew  that  one,   but  here  was  an  interesting		null.host	1
ivariation from Double D Steaks  in Hooker, Oklahoma: "Here I		null.host	1
isit, I'm  at a loss, trying  to shit out taco  sauce. I know		null.host	1
iI'm going  to drop a load,  only hope I don't  explode," And		null.host	1
ifrom Casey, Iowa, where SR  25 crossed 1_80: "My mother made		null.host	1
ime a  whore." To which  someone had added in  very different		null.host	1
ipenmanship: "If I supply the yarn will she make me one?"		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe  had started  collecting when  he was  selling the  UPCs,		null.host	1
inoting  various  bits of  graffiti  in  the Spiral  notebook		null.host	1
iwithout  at first  knowing why  he was  doing it.  They were		null.host	1
ijust  amusing,  or  disconcerting,   or  both  at  the  same		null.host	1
itime. Yet  little by  little he  had become  fascinated with		null.host	1
ithese  messages from  the interstate,  where the  only other		null.host	1
icommunications  seemed  to  be dipped  headlights  when  you		null.host	1
ipassed in the rain, or maybe somebody in a bad mood flipping		null.host	1
iyou the bird when you went  by in the passing lane pulling a		null.host	1
irooster_tail  of  snow  behind  you. He  came  gradually  to		null.host	1
isee__or perhaps  only to  hope-_that something was  going on		null.host	1
ihere.  The e.  e. cummings  lilt  of "Poopie  doopie you  so		null.host	1
iloopy," for instance, or the inarticulate rage of "1380 West		null.host	1
iAvenue kill my mother TAKE HER JEWELS."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iOr take  this oldie: "Here  I sit, cheeks  a-flexin', giving		null.host	1
ibirth to another Texan." The  metre, when you considered it,		null.host	1
iwas odd.  Not iambs  but some odd  triplet formula  with the		null.host	1
istress on the  third: "Here I sit,  cheeks a_flexin', giving		null.host	1
ibirth to  another Texan." O. K.,  it broke down a  little at		null.host	1
ithe end, but that somehow added to its memorability, gave it		null.host	1
ithat final  mnemonic twist  of the tail.  He had  thought on		null.host	1
imany occasions  that he could  go back to school,  take some		null.host	1
icourses, get  all that  feet_and_metre stuff down  pat. Know		null.host	1
iwhat he was talking about  instead of running on a tightrope		null.host	1
iof intuition.  All he really remembered  clearly from school		null.host	1
iwas iambic  pentameter: "To  be or  not to  be, that  is the		null.host	1
iquestion."  He  had seen  that  in  a  men's room  on  1_70,		null.host	1
iactually, to which someone had  added, "The real question is		null.host	1
iwho your father was, dipstick."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThese  triplets,  now.  What  were  they  called?  Was  that		null.host	1
itrochaic? He didn't know. The fact that he could find out no		null.host	1
ilonger seemed important, but he  could find out, yes. It was		null.host	1
isomething people taught; it was no big secret.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iOr take this  variation, which Alfie had also  seen all over		null.host	1
ithe country: "Here  I sit, on the pooper, giving  birth to a		null.host	1
iMaine state trooper."  It was always Maine,  no matter where		null.host	1
iyou were it was always Maine State Trooper, and why? Because		null.host	1
ino other  state would scan.  Maine was  the only one  of the		null.host	1
ififty whose name consisted of  a single syllable. Yet again,		null.host	1
iit was in triplets: "Here I sit, on the pooper."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe had  thought of writing  a book.  Just a little  one. The		null.host	1
ifirst title  to occur to him  had been "Don't Look  up Here,		null.host	1
iYou're Pissing on Your Shoes,"  but you couldn't call a book		null.host	1
ithat.  Not and  reasonably  hope someone  would  put it  out		null.host	1
ifor  sale  in  a  store,  anyway.  And,  besides,  that  was		null.host	1
ilight. Frothy. He  had become convinced over  the years that		null.host	1
isomething was going on here, and it wasn't frothy. The title		null.host	1
ihe had  finally decided  on was  an adaptation  of something		null.host	1
ihe'd seen  in a rest_area  toilet stall outside  Fort Scott,		null.host	1
iKansas,  on Highway  54.  "I Killed  Ted  Bundy: The  Secret		null.host	1
iTransit Code of America's  Highways." By Alfred Zimmer. That		null.host	1
isounded  mysterious and  ominous, almost  scholarly. But  he		null.host	1
ihadn't done  it. And although he  had seen "If I  supply the		null.host	1
iyarn, will  she make me one"  added to "My mother  made me a		null.host	1
iwhore"  all over  the country,  he had  never expounded  (at		null.host	1
ileast in  writing) on  the startling  lack of  sympathy, the		null.host	1
i"just deal  with it"  sensibility of  the response.  Or what		null.host	1
iabout  "Mammon is  the  King  of New  Jersey"?  How did  one		null.host	1
iexplain why  New Jersey made it  funny and the name  of some		null.host	1
iother  state probably  wouldn't? Even  to try  seemed almost		null.host	1
iarrogant. He was just a little man, after all, with a little		null.host	1
iman's  job.  He  sold  things. A  line  of  frozen  dinners,		null.host	1
icurrently.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAnd now, of course ... now ...		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie took  another deep  drag on  his cigarette,  mashed it		null.host	1
iout,  and called  home. He  didn't expect  to get  Maura and		null.host	1
ididn't. It  was his  own recorded  voice that  answered him,		null.host	1
iending with the number of his cell phone. A lot of good that		null.host	1
iwould do; the cell phone was  in the trunk of the Chevrolet,		null.host	1
ibroken. He had never had good luck with gadgets.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 5 of 7)	/~mozz/p5	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1