1Information (tilde.town/~mozz/index)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i                       (part 7 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie stood  at the edge  of the pavement, gasping  a little		null.host	1
ibecause the  air was so cold  and full of snow.  In his left		null.host	1
ihand he held the Spiral  notebook, bent almost double. There		null.host	1
iwas no need to destroy it,  after all. He would simply throw		null.host	1
iit into Farmer  John's east field, here on the  west side of		null.host	1
iLincoln. The wind  would help him. The  notebook might carry		null.host	1
itwenty feet  on the fly, and  the wind could tumble  it even		null.host	1
ifarther before it  finally fetched up against the  side of a		null.host	1
ifurrow  and  was covered.  It  would  lie there  buried  all		null.host	1
iwinter, long  after his body  had been shipped home.  In the		null.host	1
ispring, Farmer John would come  out this way on his tractor,		null.host	1
ithe cab  filled with the  music of Patty Loveless  or George		null.host	1
iJones  or maybe  even Clint  Black,  and he  would plow  the		null.host	1
iSpiral  notebook  under  without  seeing  it  and  it  would		null.host	1
idisappear into the scheme  of things. Always supposing there		null.host	1
iwas one. "Relax, it's all just the rinse cycle," someone had		null.host	1
iwritten beside  a pay  phone on I_35  not far  from Cameron,		null.host	1
iMissouri.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie drew the book back to  throw it, then lowered his arm.		null.host	1
iHe hated to  let it go, that  was the truth of  it. That was		null.host	1
ithe  bottom  line everyone  was  always  talking about.  But		null.host	1
ithings were bad, now. Everything looked like highways to him		null.host	1
inow. He raised  his arm again and then lowered  it again. In		null.host	1
ihis distress  and indecision he  began to cry  without being		null.host	1
iaware  of it.  The wind  rushed around  him, on  its way  to		null.host	1
iwherever.  He couldn't  go on  living  the way  he had  been		null.host	1
iliving, he knew  that much. Not one more day.  And a shot in		null.host	1
ithe mouth  would be easier  than any living change,  he knew		null.host	1
ithat, too.  Far easier than  struggling to write a  book few		null.host	1
ipeople (if  any at all) were  likely to read. He  raised his		null.host	1
iarm again, cocked  the hand with the notebook in  it back to		null.host	1
ihis ear like  a pitcher preparing to throw  a fastball, then		null.host	1
istood like that. An idea had occurred to him. He would count		null.host	1
ito sixty. If the spark lights of the farmhouse reappeared at		null.host	1
iany time during that count, he would try to write the book.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iTo write a  book like that, he thought, you'd  have to begin		null.host	1
iby talking  about how  it was to  measure distance  in green		null.host	1
imile markers,  and the very width  of the land, and  how the		null.host	1
iwind sounded  when you got out  of your car at  one of those		null.host	1
irest  areas in  Oklahoma  or North  Dakota.  How it  sounded		null.host	1
ialmost like words. You'd have to tell about the silence, and		null.host	1
ihow  the bathrooms  always  smelled of  piss  and the  great		null.host	1
ihollow farts of departed travelers,  and how in that silence		null.host	1
ithe voices on the walls began  to speak. The voices of those		null.host	1
iwho had written  and then moved on. The  telling would hurt,		null.host	1
ibut if  the wind dropped  and the  spark lights of  the farm		null.host	1
icame back, he'd do it anyway.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iIf they didn't,  he'd throw the notebook into  the field, go		null.host	1
iback into room  190 (just hang a left at  the Snax machine),		null.host	1
iand shoot himself, after all.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iEither way. Either way.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie stood there counting to sixty inside his head, waiting		null.host	1
ito see if the wind would drop.		null.host	1