1tilde.town/~mozz (information)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i                       (Part 6 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie picked up  the notebook, flipped it closed  much as he		null.host	1
ihad flipped  the cylinder back  into the .38, and  sat there		null.host	1
itapping it against his leg. This was ludicrous.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iLudicrous or  not, it nagged  him. The way thinking  a stove		null.host	1
iburner might  still be on  sometimes nagged him when  he was		null.host	1
ihome,  nagged  until  he  finally got  up  and  checked  and		null.host	1
ifound it  cold. Only  this was worse.  Because he  loved the		null.host	1
istuff  in the  notebook.  Amassing graffiti--thinking  about		null.host	1
igraffiti_-had  been  his real  work  these  last years,  not		null.host	1
iselling  price_code  readers  or frozen  dinners  that  were		null.host	1
ireally  not much  more than  Swansons or  Freezer Queens  in		null.host	1
ifancy microwavable  dishes. The  daffy exuberance  of "Helen		null.host	1
iKeller  fucked her  feller!"  Yet the  notebook  might be  a		null.host	1
ireal  embarrassment  once he  was  dead.  It would  be  like		null.host	1
iaccidentally hanging yourself in the closet because you were		null.host	1
iexperimenting with  a new way  of jacking off and  got found		null.host	1
ithat way with  your shorts under your feet and  shit on your		null.host	1
iankles. Some of  the stuff in his notebook might  show up in		null.host	1
ithe newspaper, along  with his picture. Once upon  a time he		null.host	1
iwould have scoffed at the idea, but in these days, when even		null.host	1
iBible Belt  newspapers routinely speculated about  a mole on		null.host	1
ithe President's penis, the notion was hard to dismiss.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iBurn  it,  then?  No,  he'd set  off  the  God_damned  smoke		null.host	1
idetector.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iPut it  behind the picture on  the wall? The picture  of the		null.host	1
ilittle boy with the fishing pole and the straw hat?		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie considered this, then nodded slowly. Not a bad idea at		null.host	1
iall.  The  Spiral  notebook  might  stay  there  for  years.		null.host	1
iThen,  someday in  the distant  future, it  would drop  out.		null.host	1
iSomeone-_perhaps a lodger, more likely a maid-_would pick it		null.host	1
iup, curious. Would flip through it. What would that person's		null.host	1
ireaction  be? Shock?  Amusement?  Plain old  head_scratching		null.host	1
ipuzzlement? Alfie rather hoped for this last. Because things		null.host	1
iin  the notebook  were puzzling.  "Elvis killed  Big Pussy,"		null.host	1
isomeone in Hackberry Chalk, Texas, had written. "Serenity is		null.host	1
ibeing  square," someone  in  Rapid City,  South Dakota,  had		null.host	1
iopined. And  below that,  someone had written,  "No, stupid,		null.host	1
iserenity=  (va)2  +  b, if  v=serenity,  a=satisfaction  and		null.host	1
ib=sexual compatibility."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iBehind the picture, then.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie was  halfway across  the room  when he  remembered the		null.host	1
ipills in his  coat pocket. And there were more  in the glove		null.host	1
icompartment of  the car,  different kinds  but for  the same		null.host	1
ithing. They  were prescription drugs,  but not the  sort the		null.host	1
idoctor gave you  if you were feeling ... well  ... sunny. So		null.host	1
ithe cops would  search this room thoroughly  for other kinds		null.host	1
iof drugs and when they lifted the picture away from the wall		null.host	1
ithe notebook would  drop out onto the green  rug. The things		null.host	1
iin it  would look even  worse, even crazier, because  of the		null.host	1
ipains he had taken to hide it.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAnd they'd  read the  last thing as  a suicide  note, simply		null.host	1
ibecause it was  the last thing. No matter where  he left the		null.host	1
ibook, that would  happen. Sure as shit sticks to  the ass of		null.host	1
iAmerica, as some East Texas turnpike poet had once written.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i"If they  find it," he said,  and just like that  the answer		null.host	1
icame to him.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThe snow  had thickened, the  wind had grown  even stronger,		null.host	1
iand the spark lights across the field were gone. Alfie stood		null.host	1
ibeside his snow_covered  car at the edge of  the parking lot		null.host	1
iwith his  coat billowing out in  front of him. At  the farm,		null.host	1
ithey'd  all be  watching  TV by  now.  The whole  fam'damly.		null.host	1
iAssuming the satellite dish hadn't  blown off the barn roof,		null.host	1
ithat was. Back at his place,  his wife and daughter would be		null.host	1
iarriving  home from  Carlene's  basketball  game. Maura  and		null.host	1
iCarlene lived  in a  world that  had little  to do  with the		null.host	1
iinterstates, or  fast food boxes blowing  down the breakdown		null.host	1
ilanes  and the  sound of  semis passing  you at  seventy and		null.host	1
ieighty and even  ninety miles an hour like  a Doppler whine.		null.host	1
iHe wasn't complaining about it  (or hoped he wasn't); he was		null.host	1
ijust  pointing  it out.  "Nobody  here  even if  there  is,"		null.host	1
isomeone in Chalk Level, Missouri, had written on a shithouse		null.host	1
iwall, and  sometimes in those rest_area  bathrooms there was		null.host	1
iblood, mostly  just a little, but  once he had seen  a grimy		null.host	1
ibasin under  a scratched steel  mirror half filled  with it.		null.host	1
iDid anyone notice? Did anyone report such things?		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iIn some rest  areas the weather report  fell constantly from		null.host	1
ioverhead speakers, and to Alfie  the voice giving it sounded		null.host	1
ihaunted,  the voice  of a  ghost running  through the  vocal		null.host	1
icords of a  corpse. In Candy, Kansas, on Route  283, in Ness		null.host	1
iCounty, someone  had written, "Behold,  I stand at  the door		null.host	1
iand knock,"  to which someone  else had added, "If  your not		null.host	1
ifrom Pudlishers Cleering House go away you Bad Boy."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 7 of 7)	/~mozz/p7	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1