1tilde.town/~mozz (information)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i                       (Part 2 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe stood where he was a  moment longer, waiting for the wind		null.host	1
ito drop.  It did, and he  could see the spark  lights again.		null.host	1
iThe farmhouse. And was it possible that behind those lights,		null.host	1
isome farmer's wife was even now heating up a pot of Cottager		null.host	1
iSplit Pea Soup or  perhaps microwaving a Cottager Shepherd's		null.host	1
iPie or Chicken Francais? It was. It was as possible as hell.		null.host	1
iWhile her husband watched the  early news with his shoes off		null.host	1
iand  his sock  feet on  a  hassock, and  overhead their  son		null.host	1
iplayed a  video game on  his PlayStation and  their daughter		null.host	1
isat in the tub, chin_deep in fragrant bubbles, her hair tied		null.host	1
iup  with a  ribbon, reading"The  Golden Compass,"  by Philip		null.host	1
iPullman, or  perhaps one  of the  Harry Potter  books, which		null.host	1
iwere favorites of Alfie's  daughter, Carlene. All that going		null.host	1
ion behind  the spark  lights, some family's  universal joint		null.host	1
iturning smoothly  in its  socket, but  between them  and the		null.host	1
iedge  of this  parking lot  was a  mile and  a half  of flat		null.host	1
ifield,  white  in  the  running_away light  of  a  low  sky,		null.host	1
icomatose  with the  season. Alfie  briefly imagined  himself		null.host	1
iwalking into that field in  his city shoes, his briefcase in		null.host	1
ione  hand and  his suitcase  in the  other, working  his way		null.host	1
iacross the  frozen furrows, finally arriving,  knocking; the		null.host	1
idoor would be opened and he  would smell pea soup, that good		null.host	1
ihearty smell, and  hear the KETV (ABC)  meteorologist in the		null.host	1
iother room saying, "But now look at this low_pressure system		null.host	1
ijust coming over the Rockies."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAnd what would Alfie say to  the farmer's wife? That he just		null.host	1
idropped by for  dinner? Would he advise her  to save Russian		null.host	1
iJews,  collect valuable  prizes? Would  he begin  by saying,		null.host	1
i"Ma'am, according to at least one source I've read recently,		null.host	1
iall that  you love will  be carried  away?" That would  be a		null.host	1
igood conversation opener, sure to interest the farmer's wife		null.host	1
iin the  wayfaring stranger  who had  just walked  across her		null.host	1
ihusband's  east field  to knock  on her  door. And  when she		null.host	1
iinvited him to step in, to  tell her more, he could open his		null.host	1
ibriefcase  and  give  her  a couple  of  his  sample  books,		null.host	1
itell  her that  once she  discovered the  Cottager brand  of		null.host	1
iquick_serve  gourmet delicacies  she would  almost certainly		null.host	1
iwant to  move on to  the more sophisticated pleasures  of Ma		null.host	1
iMere. And, by the way, did she have a taste for caviar? Many		null.host	1
idid. Even in Nebraska.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iFreezing. Standing here and freezing.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe turned from the field and the spark lights at the far end		null.host	1
iof it and walked to the  motel, moving in careful duck steps		null.host	1
iso  he wouldn't  go  ass over  tea kettle.  He  had done  it		null.host	1
ibefore,  God knew.  Whoops_a_daisy in  half a  hundred motel		null.host	1
iparking lots. He  had done most of it  before, actually, and		null.host	1
isupposed that was at least part of the problem.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThere was  an overhang,  so he  was able to  get out  of the		null.host	1
isnow.  There was  a Coke  machine with  a sign  saying, "Use		null.host	1
iCorrect Change." There was an ice machine and a Snax machine		null.host	1
iwith candy  bars and  various kinds  of potato  chips behind		null.host	1
icurls of  metal like bedsprings.  There was no  "Use Correct		null.host	1
iChange" sign on the Snax machine.  From the room to the left		null.host	1
iof the  one where he  intended to kill himself,  Alfie could		null.host	1
ihear  the early  news, but  it  would sound  better in  that		null.host	1
ifarmhouse over yonder, he was sure of that. The wind boomed.		null.host	1
iSnow  swirled around  his  city shoes,  and  then Alfie  let		null.host	1
ihimself into his room. The light  switch was to the left. He		null.host	1
iturned it on and shut the door.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe knew  the room;  it was  the room of  his dreams.  It was		null.host	1
isquare. The  walls were  white. On  one was  a picture  of a		null.host	1
ismall boy in a straw hat,  asleep with a fishing pole in his		null.host	1
ihand. There was a green rug  on the floor, a quarter inch of		null.host	1
isome nubbly synthetic stuff. It  was cold in here right now,		null.host	1
ibut when he  pushed the Hi Heat button on  the control panel		null.host	1
iof the Climatron beneath the  window the place would warm up		null.host	1
ifast. Would probably become hot. A counter ran the length of		null.host	1
ione wall. There was a TV on it. On top of the TV was a piece		null.host	1
iof cardboard with "One_Touch Movies!" printed on it.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThere were  twin double beds, each  covered with bright_gold		null.host	1
ispreads  that had  been tucked  under the  pillows and  then		null.host	1
ipulled over them,  so the pillows looked  like small covered		null.host	1
icorpses. There  was a table  between the beds with  a Gideon		null.host	1
iBible, a TV_channel guide, and  a flesh_colored phone on it.		null.host	1
iBeyond the second bed was the door to the bathroom. When you		null.host	1
iturned on the  light in there, the fan would  go on, too. If		null.host	1
iyou wanted the light, you got the fan, too. There was no way		null.host	1
iaround it. The  light itself would be  fluorescent, with the		null.host	1
ighosts of dead flies inside.  On the counter beside the sink		null.host	1
ithere  would be  a hot  plate and  a Proctor_Silex  electric		null.host	1
ikettle and  little packets  of instant  coffee. There  was a		null.host	1
ismell in here, the mingling of some harsh cleaning fluid and		null.host	1
imildew  on the  shower curtain.  Alfie knew  it all.  He had		null.host	1
idreamed it  right down  to the  green rug,  but that  was no		null.host	1
iaccomplishment,  it  was an  easy  dream.  He thought  about		null.host	1
iturning  on the  heater, but  that would  rattle, too,  and,		null.host	1
ibesides, what was the point?		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 3 of 7)	/~mozz/p3	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1