1Information (tilde.town/~mozz/index)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i                       (part 5 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAfter the beep  he said, "Hi, it's me. I'm  in Lincoln. It's		null.host	1
isnowing. Remember the casserole you  were going to take over		null.host	1
ito my mother. She'll be expecting  it. And she asked for the		null.host	1
iRed  Ball coupons.  I know  you  think she's  crazy on  that		null.host	1
isubject, but humor her, O.K.?  She's old. Tell Carlene Daddy		null.host	1
isays hi." He  paused, then for the first time  in about five		null.host	1
iyears added, "I love you."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe  hung up,  thought  about  another cigarette_-no  worries		null.host	1
iabout lung cancer,  not now__and decided against  it. He put		null.host	1
ithe notebook, open  to the last page,  beside the telephone.		null.host	1
iHe  picked up  the gun  and rolled  out the  cylinder. Fully		null.host	1
iloaded. He snapped the cylinder back  in with a flick of his		null.host	1
iwrist,  then slipped  the short  barrel into  his mouth.  It		null.host	1
itasted of  oil and metal. He  thought, Here I SIT,  about to		null.host	1
iCOOL it, my plan to  EAT a fuckin'BOOL-it. He grinned around		null.host	1
ithe barrel. That  was terrible. He never  would have written		null.host	1
ithat down in his book		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThen another thought occurred to him and he put the gun back		null.host	1
iin its  trench on the pillow,  drew the phone to  him again,		null.host	1
iand once more dialed home. He waited for his voice to recite		null.host	1
ithe useless  cell_phone number, then said,  "Me again. Don't		null.host	1
iforget Rambo's  appointment at  the vet day  after tomorrow,		null.host	1
iO.K.? Also  the sea_jerky  strips at  night. They  really do		null.host	1
ihelp his hips. Bye."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe hung up and raised the gun again. Before he could put the		null.host	1
ibarrel  in his  mouth,  his  eye fell  on  the notebook.  He		null.host	1
ifrowned and put the gun down.  The book was open to the last		null.host	1
ifour entries. The first thing  anyone responding to the shot		null.host	1
iwould see  would be his  dead body, sprawled across  the bed		null.host	1
iclosest to the bathroom, his  head hanging down and bleeding		null.host	1
ion the nubbly green rug. The second thing, however, would be		null.host	1
ithe Spiral notebook, open to the final written page.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie  imagined some  cop, some  Nebraska state  trooper who		null.host	1
iwould never  be written  about on any  bathroom wall  due to		null.host	1
ithe disciplines  of scansion,  reading those  final entries,		null.host	1
iperhaps  turning  the  battered   old  notebook  toward  him		null.host	1
iwith  the tip  of  his  own pen.  He  would  read the  first		null.host	1
ithree entries__"Trojan Gum,"  "Poopie doopie," "Save Russian		null.host	1
iJews"-_and dismiss them as insanity.  He would read the last		null.host	1
iline, "All that  you love will be carried  away," and decide		null.host	1
ithat the dead  guy had regained a little  rationality at the		null.host	1
iend, just enough to write a halfway sensible suicide note.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie  didn't  like  the  idea of  people  thinking  he  was		null.host	1
icrazy  (further examination  of  the  book, which  contained		null.host	1
isuch  information as  "Medgar  Evers is  alive  and well  in		null.host	1
iDisneyland," would only confirm that impression). He was not		null.host	1
icrazy, and  the things  he had written  here over  the years		null.host	1
iweren't crazy, either. He was convinced of it. And if he was		null.host	1
iwrong, if these  were the rantings of  lunatics, they needed		null.host	1
ito be  examined even  more closely.  That thing  about don't		null.host	1
ilook up  here, you're pissing  on your shoes,  for instance,		null.host	1
iwas that humor? Or a growl of rage?		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe considered  using the  john to get  rid of  the notebook,		null.host	1
ithen  shook his  head. He'd  end up  on his  knees with  his		null.host	1
ishirtsleeves rolled back, fishing around in there, trying to		null.host	1
iget the damn  thing back out. While the fan  rattled and the		null.host	1
ifluorescent buzzed.  And although immersion might  blur some		null.host	1
iof the ink, it wouldn't blur all of it. Not enough. Besides,		null.host	1
ithe notebook had been with him so long, riding in his pocket		null.host	1
iacross so  many flat and  empty Midwest miles. He  hated the		null.host	1
iidea of just flushing it away.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iThe last  page, then? Surely  one page, balled up,  would go		null.host	1
idown.  But that  would leave  the rest  for them  (there was		null.host	1
ialways a  them) to discover,  all that clear evidence  of an		null.host	1
iunsound mind. They'd say, "Lucky he didn't decide to visit a		null.host	1
ischoolyard with an  AK_47. Take a bunch of  little kids with		null.host	1
ihim." And  it would follow  Maura like a  tin can tied  to a		null.host	1
idog's tail.  "Did you  hear about  her husband?"  they'd ask		null.host	1
ieach other in  the supermarket. "Killed himself  in a motel.		null.host	1
iLeft a book full of crazy  stuff. Lucky he didn't kill her."		null.host	1
iWell, he could afford to be  a little hard about that. Maura		null.host	1
iwas  an adult,  after all.  Carlene, on  the other  hand ...		null.host	1
iCarlene was ...		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie looked  at his  watch. At  her j.-v.  basketball game,		null.host	1
ithat's where Carlene was right  now. Her teammates would say		null.host	1
imost of  the same things  the supermarket ladies  would say,		null.host	1
ionly  within  earshot  and  accompanied  by  those  chilling		null.host	1
iseventh-grade  giggles. Eyes  full of  glee and  horror. Was		null.host	1
ithat fair?  No, of  course not, but  there was  nothing fair		null.host	1
iabout what had  happened to him, either.  Sometimes when you		null.host	1
iwere  cruising  along the  highway,  you  saw big  curls  of		null.host	1
irubber that  had unwound  from the recap  tires some  of the		null.host	1
iindependent truckers used.  That was what he  felt like now:		null.host	1
ithrown tread.  The pills  made it  worse. They  cleared your		null.host	1
imind just enough for you to see what a colossal jam you were		null.host	1
iin.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i"But I'm not crazy," he  said. "That doesn't make me crazy."		null.host	1
iNo. Crazy might actually be better.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 6 of 7)	/~mozz/p6	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1