1Information (tilde.town/~mozz/index)	/~mozz/index	tilde.town	70
i		null.host	1
i             All You Love Will Be Carried Away              		null.host	1
i                       By Steven King                       		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i                       (part 1 of 7)                        		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iIt was a Motel 6 on I-80 just west of Lincoln, Nebraska. The		null.host	1
isnow  that  began  at  mid_afternoon had  faded  the  sign's		null.host	1
ivirulent yellow  to a kinder  pastel shade as the  light ran		null.host	1
iout of  the January dusk.  The wind  was closing in  on that		null.host	1
iquality of  empty amplification  one encounters only  in the		null.host	1
icountry's  flat  midsection,  usually  in  wintertime.  That		null.host	1
imeant  nothing but  discomfort  now, but  if  big snow  came		null.host	1
itonight__the weather  forecasters couldn't  seem to  make up		null.host	1
itheir  minds__then  the interstate  would  be  shut down  by		null.host	1
imorning. That was nothing to Alfie Zimmer.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe got his  key from a man  in a red vest and  drove down to		null.host	1
ithe  end of  the  long cinder_block  building.  He had  been		null.host	1
iselling in the  Midwest for twenty years  and had formulated		null.host	1
ifour  basic rules  about securing  his night's  rest. First,		null.host	1
ialways reserve  ahead. Second, reserve at  a franchise motel		null.host	1
iif possible_your Holiday Inn,  your Ramada Inn, your Comfort		null.host	1
iInn, your Motel 6. Third, always  ask for a room on the end.		null.host	1
iThat way,  the worst  you could  have was  one set  of noisy		null.host	1
ineighbors.  Last, ask  for a  room that  begins with  a one.		null.host	1
iAlfie  was  forty-four, too  old  to  be fucking  truck_stop		null.host	1
iwhores, eating  chicken_fried steak, or hauling  his luggage		null.host	1
iupstairs.  These days,  the rooms  on the  first floor  were		null.host	1
iusually  reserved for  non_smokers.  Alfie  rented them  and		null.host	1
ismoked anyway.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iSomeone  had taken  the  space  in front  of  Room 190.  All		null.host	1
ithe  spaces  along the  building  were  taken. Alfie  wasn't		null.host	1
isurprised. You  could make a reservation,  guarantee it, but		null.host	1
iif you  arrived late (late  on a day  like this was  after 4		null.host	1
iP.M.), you had  to park and walk. The cars  belonging to the		null.host	1
iearly birds were nestled up to the gray cinder block and the		null.host	1
ibright_yellow doors  in a  long line, their  windows already		null.host	1
icovered with a scrim of light snow.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie drove  around the corner  and parked with the  nose of		null.host	1
ihis Chevrolet pointed at the  white expanse of some farmer's		null.host	1
ifield,  swimming deep  into the  gray of  day's end.  At the		null.host	1
ifarthest limit of vision he could  see the spark lights of a		null.host	1
ifarm. In there,  they would be hunkered down.  Out here, the		null.host	1
iwind blew  hard enough  to rock the  car. Snow  skated past,		null.host	1
iobliterating the farm lights for a few moments.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iAlfie was a big man with  a florid face and a smoker's noisy		null.host	1
irespiration. He was wearing a topcoat, because when you were		null.host	1
iselling that  was what  people liked to  see. Not  a jacket.		null.host	1
iStorekeepers sold  to people wearing jackets  and John Deere		null.host	1
icaps, they  didn't buy from  them. The  room key lay  on the		null.host	1
iseat  beside him.  It was  attached  to a  diamond of  green		null.host	1
iplastic. The key was a real key, not a MagCard. On the radio		null.host	1
iClint Black  was singing "Nothin'  but the Tail  Lights." It		null.host	1
iwas  a country  song.  Lincoln  had an  FM  rocker now,  but		null.host	1
irock_and_roll  music didn't  seem  right to  Alfie. Not  out		null.host	1
ihere, where if you switched over  to AM you could still hear		null.host	1
iold men calling down hellfire.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe shut  off the engine, put  the key to 190  in his pocket,		null.host	1
iand checked to make sure he still had his notebook in there,		null.host	1
itoo.  His old  pal."Save Russian  Jews," he  said, reminding		null.host	1
ihimself. "Collect valuable prizes."		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHe got  out of  the car  and a  gust of  wind hit  him hard,		null.host	1
irocking him back on his heels, flapping his pants around his		null.host	1
ilegs, making him laugh a smoker's surprised rattlebox laugh.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
iHis samples  were in  the trunk, but  he wouldn't  need them		null.host	1
itonight. No, not  tonight, not at all. He  took his suitcase		null.host	1
iand his briefcase out of the  back seat, shut the door, then		null.host	1
ipushed the black button on his  key fob. That one locked all		null.host	1
ithe  doors. The  red one  set off  an alarm,  what you  were		null.host	1
isupposed to use  if you were going to get  mugged. Alfie had		null.host	1
inever been mugged.  He guessed that few  salesmen of gourmet		null.host	1
ifoods were,  especially in this  part of the  country. There		null.host	1
iwas a market for gourmet  foods in Nebraska, Iowa, Oklahoma,		null.host	1
iand Kansas;  even in  the Dakotas,  although many  might not		null.host	1
ibelieve it. Alfie  had done quite well,  especially over the		null.host	1
ilast  two  years as  he  got  to  know the  market's  deeper		null.host	1
icreases-_but it  was never  going to  equal the  market for,		null.host	1
ilet's say, fertilizer. Which he  could smell even now on the		null.host	1
iwinter wind that was freezing his cheeks and turning them an		null.host	1
ieven darker shade of red.		null.host	1
i		null.host	1
1All You Love Will Be Carried Away (Part 2 of 7)	/~mozz/p2	tilde.town	70
i(next page)		null.host	1